this saucy nightly video is brought to
you by sautéed clothing
head on over to the such a Facebook fan
page for all information regarding
sizing and pricing for t-shirts hoodies
and custom artwork are you assault a
soldier alright guys so we're making the
the pancakes from the Bisquick shaking
pool so we just put the war in and now
just trying to measure out the world
never done this before this later
guys that's the first one that's a bit
too big for the size of it they
recommend to do a four inch pancake just
going to see how that goes
fights are nice any what you think of it
you just made these first pie cake um
any good your ship food are you serious
Yorkshire PUD you don't make no one so
that should not taste like you I say
smile cooking you see he for this one
takes aren't you look she put and he
does like it I mean you said it was nice
I mean he is worried anyway so bad for
our shake in poor ready mix so let's
let's get this one done how how does it
how how'd you find it so bad I agree
just taste a bit like Yorkshire you put
it's better than our English pancakes
that we make up I think the weeping ones
but I made good packet I make
fluffy ones at hmm well I don't need a
mix I would say so actually when I just
says pork fat gay though taste little
bit off I mean I don't know if it's
cooking it wrong
oh I mean I definitely recommend you
guys to try it I mean try it for
yourself
any questions in the comment section
below I mean consistency is there nice
and fluffy he's just
just the taste is better yeah it just
doesn't we taste like pancake there's
more like very old people but I leave
your comments in the comment section
below
hope you enjoyed comment make subscribe